Get in touch with the physical sensations in your body.  Can you focus on an area that feels good?
Enjoy breathing. Take some long and deep breaths.
See that everything is totally OK right now.
Focus on something you did well or nice today.
Think of something nice someone did for you today.
Become enriched in your senses. Appreciate the depth of colors and patterns around you.
Appreciate the calmness of taking a break.
Remember the good energy of someone in your life who's passed away.
Find one of your good qualities and celebrate it.
What are the physical sensations in your chest right now? 
Can you connect with love in your heart?
Know deeply that you have good intentions.
Generate gratitude for your health and energy.
Feel the ease and joy in this moment.
Can you experience the care given by those who are important in your life?
Take joy and celebrate others' successes. Focus on a specific example.
Surrender to now.  Let go of any fight or self-centered thinking.
Visualize your ideal self. What qualities are most important?
Cultivate spaciousness and expansiveness qualities by focusing on the sounds around you.
Think about someone you love.
Take a break from your device... and just enjoy.
Find gratitude in everything and everyone that has supported you.
Cultivate gratitude for just being alive.
Focus on something that makes you feel positive.
Remember what you think is most important in life.
Remember your deepest intentions.
Become engaged in your current activity.
Enjoy the benefits of being mindful during this break.
See if you can feel positive sensations or vibrations in your chest.
Let go of any self centered thoughts and just observe.
Take in the beauty of the world.
Enjoy the vitality of being alive.
Remember the people who care about you.
Let things be. Enjoy equanimity.
Let go of any to-dos or tasks in the future and enjoy the present.
See the aesthetic beauty of these flowing moments.
Gently remember to be mindful.
Drop whatever in your current experience seems to be not quite right.
Become enriched in the depth of your five senses, right now.
Remember what makes you happy.
In an uncertain, ever changing world - what are the things you can count on?
"I know worrying works, because none of the stuff I worried about ever happened." -some guy
Celebrate your humor and creativeness.
Feel the earth ground and support you.